But then, when you are 250 miles north of the arctic
     circle, you expect to pay higher prices.
          Why then, do people live in the north?
          For the natives it is a matter of ancestry. For many
     whites it is also ancestry. To some, they were born there.
     Their parents having moved north for employment reasons.
          Some are transients, following construction jobs and
     other seasonal employment. Others, working for large
     corporations or government, are transferred north as a job
     requirement.
          Life in the north is definitely different. A person
     accustomed to life in a large city may  not endure the
     rigors involved. They give it up and move south.
          Many people, such as myself, move north for an extended
     period. In our case it was 10 years. We adapted to the way
     of life. We enjoyed the hunting and fishing.
          Owning our own aircraft, we were able to travel more
     independently than our neighbors. We enjoyed all the great
     outdoors had to offer. We learned to adjust to the lack of
     night life, and other amenities.
          When 10 years had passed, and our children were adults,
     we took stock of our situation.
          We were stuck in a rut. The same rut that most of the
     townspeople were in. Our lives centered around hunting,
     fishing, the Post Office, and the TV set.
          We decided it was a case of moving now, or possibly
     remaining in the north for the rest of our lives.

          We left in February of 1984!

          We miss the delicious fresh fish from cold clear lakes.
     We miss the taste of thick moose steaks, moosemeat sausages,
     fresh smoked lake trout, and pancakes with fresh, wild
     blueberries. We miss the freedom afforded by a short flight
     to a secluded lake shore.
          The fishing and hunting within 10 miles of our northern
     home was superb. The friendship and camaraderie of our
     neighbors was great.
          We are happy to have had the opportunity to experience
     northern life. But, as we approached the midpoint of our
     lives, we wanted to return to civilization. To pick up where
     we had left off. To enjoy the supermarkets, and shopping
     malls, the fancy restaurants, and gourmet foods. We wanted
     to be closer to the center of things, a few hours drive from
     a major city rather than an all day trip.
          We returned to old friends, and new neighbors. New
     stores, and home mail delivery. Lower prices. Broader
     choices. More to do and see. More TV channels. Several radio
     stations, and newspapers.
          We can drive east or west besides north and south. We
     can dance to live music and eat in restaurants of many
     nationalities.

          In short, we are back to civilization

                              THE END
